The Great Wall, of course! And he swears he'll make Mexico pay for it no matter what Mexico says.
Besides expanding the border patrol and preventing immigrants from coming in to the country, Trump also wants to boot at least 5 million undocumented immigrants out.
Trump also made a priority of ending "sanctuary cities," those places that have policies or laws limiting how much local government agencies can work with federal authorities on immigration issues.
He promised to vet and select immigrants to admit to the U.S. based on the likelihood of their success in the U.S., turning immigration into an audition process.
Trump wants to implement a "biometric entry-exit visa tracking system," an idea that's been on the table for some time but still hasn't come to fruition.
He's soften his anti-Muslim stance, though only a little, calling to ban immigration "from any nation that has been compromised by terrorism" (which would, presumably, include countries the Great Britain and France).
Trump suggested the controversial practice of surveilling mosques, behavior that some have said is unconstitutional.
The immigration policy proposals also extend to suspending the Syrian Refugee program and either removing refugees or creating a database of refugees already in the U.S.
Trump has promised to cancel executive orders issued by President Obama, which include increased regulations on greenhouse gas emissions from plants and applying the Family Medical Leave Act to same-sex couples.
Throughout the campaign, including at presidential debates, Trump has promised to appoint a special prosecutor to continue the investigation of Hillary Clinton and her private email server.
Another staple of Trump's domestic platform is the long-standing Republican threat to repeal the Affordable Care Act (aka "Obamacare") and create a "dynamic" national market rather than the current regional market.
The previously pro-choice Trump has promised to defund Planned Parenthood and appoint Supreme Court Judges to overturn Roe v Wade.
Trimming up the federal government has been promised, most notably in a promise to eliminate or reduce the roles of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Department of Education.
Trump wants to provide $20 billion for a new school choice program with a "national goal of providing school choice to every one of the 11 million school aged children living in poverty," which would expand charter and private school options for low-income students.
With talk of filling potholes and fixing bridges, Trump has promised to to redirect globalization funds to rebuilding and improving domestic infrastructure.
Trump has promised to side with powerful industry interest and roll back what he considers intrusive federal regulations, like the Waters of the U.S. Rule, which determines which waterways are overseen by the EPA, and the EPA's Clean-Power Plan, which regulates the amount of carbon dioxide power plants produce.
A vocal critic of NAFTA, the free trade agreement between the United States, Canada, and Mexico, Trump has said he will renegotiate terms of the treaty or will pull the country out of the agreement.
To the NAFTA point, he's specifically pledged to prevent Ford Motor Company from opening a factory in Mexico or levy huge tariffs against the automaker.
His other economic policies are just as far-reaching, including the pledge to label China a "currency manipulator" and exit the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
Trump has also promised to implement steep taxes on imports, including a rate of 45% on China.
Without many details, if any, he's promised to create 25 million new jobs.
Trump has made a similarly specifics-light pledge to reach a 4 percent growth rate for the economy after initial 3.5 percent growth per year.
He's said he will implement major tax cuts, including reduction of seven tax brackets down to three, but hasn't offered how he would offset the increased debts that cuts would incur.
A childcare plan that allows parents to deduct child-care expenses from their income taxes, give new mothers six weeks of paid leave, and an Expanded Earned Income Tax Credit for low-income families.
Trump has been an outspoken (sometimes too outspoken) defender of the Second Amendment which includes a promise to remove all "gun-free zones".
He wants to reform background checks for gun purchases and implement right to carry in all 50 states.
He has promised to bring back the controversial police policy of stop-and-frisk, at least in Chicago.
Creating a "Cyber Review Team" made up of members of "the military, law enforcement, and the private sector," whatever that means, is Trump's primary proposal to fight hacking and cyber crimes.
Another large pillar of Trump's platform has been  a 10-point plan to reform the Department of Veteran Affairs, including a total staff overhaul and a White House "hotline" for vets.
Trump has focused on a dramatic build-up of the U.S. military, including 540,000 active U.S. Army soldiers, new missile defense system, and a full audit of the Pentagon.
Oil is a big focus for Trump, including his promise to drill into the nation's reported "$50 trillion in untapped shale, oil, and natural gas reserves" by increasing offshore drilling and drilling on federal lands.
Trump has further promised to have the United States become energy independent from OPEC and "any nations hostile to our interests."
Additionally, Trump has spoken on his plans to seize oil deposits in Iraq.
Trump has made pledges in the war on terror that have raised eyebrows, including his pledge to "take out" the families of terrorists and bring back torture protocols, like waterboarding, as interrogation techniques.
Continuing his controversial platform with regards to relations with Muslims, Trump has promised to create a Commission on Radical Islam to explain aspects of Radical Islam to Americans.
He will apparently "crush and destroy ISIS" like it's NBD.
Amidst rumors of the Trump's campaign connections to Russia, Trump has suggested an alliance with Russia to defeat ISIS.
In another effort to fight ISIS, Trump has promised to try to shut down internet service in areas of the world occupied by ISIS.
Trump has also said he would keep U.S. troops on the ground in Afghanistan even though he acknowledged the war was a "mistake."